# smart-store
 In a store, there will be numerous racks of a row for a variety of stocks. Each row there will be a use of a sensor which recognizes that some items present in the row and if a row gets empty there will be a suggestion to the screen simultaneously alarm is triggered for the worker. Working people can go to that appropriate row and can reﬁll the items whereas, in the case of loose product items it can be distinguished by the measure of the weight. particular weight is to be arranged, so that if the product weight reduces to the set weight then it causes an indication for reﬁlling the items through the same screen and buzzer rings. whereas the other items which are present inside the container can be identiﬁed for reﬁlling it by using a light-based surface and LDR. This particular system can get reﬁlled automatically and it doesn’t require manpower.
 
 
 
 MAIN PROJECT INTRODUCTION
In this store management project, they are several ways to handle the items which are empty and this can be refilled automatically. Whereas, few goods should be refilled manually by the people. In a store, there will be infinite racks for the products display and has to be checked manually whether the product is empty or not. To reduce manually operated people there will be an automatic indication to the staff member by buzzing and also displays on the LCD screen that particular row is empty. The staff member can look at the LCD screen and can place the items in that particular row of those products. The ultrasonic sensor is used to detect whether the row is empty or not to place a product. The second module is on the basis of a container box. LDR is placed inside the container box at the top of the edge and there will be a light base at the bottom of the container box. when the items get empty the light base falls on the LDR, it detects the light falling and operates the servo motor. servo motor opens the cap for a minimum amount of time that has to be set so that the container gets filled automatically. The container gets connected to the automatic crate system connects to the left stock is placed and the servo motor closes after the amount of time. so for this operation, the store doesn't require any manpower to refill the items. whereas in the last module, loose product items can be measured by the weight of the product. The load cell is used to measure the product weight and gives the buzzer ring as the product gets reduced by the set weight on that basket. An LCD screen displays that basket has to be refilled by the items. 
